DarkStar Frequently Asked Questions
$Id$

This is a work in progress and is in no particular order. It will be
updated as questions come up. Eventually, I will write a better, more
organized version. For now, this will have to do.


Q: How can I add a timestamp to output?

A: There are currently two ways to add a timestamp to output. The easiest,
   which adds a timestamp to every line, is to do the following.

   /set output_rewrite [$Z] $1-

   If you want to add a timestamp only to specific output, you should
   add $Z to any /fset variables that you want to be timestamped.

--

Q: What should I do when upgrading to new versions of DarkStar?

A: This depends heavily on the amount of customization you do. If you have
   your own modules, themes, statbars, etc. then you need to be more
   concerned with changes to what I distribute. In this situation I strongly
   urge that you review the UPDATES file for details on what's new.

   If you don't write any of your own scripts for DarkStar then you don't
   need to worry so much. One cool thing is that you don't always need to
   reload everything. If you know that the changes lie only in a specific
   module, you can reload just that module (/reloadmod). Same thing applies
   to themes (just set your theme again with /theme) and status bars (/status).
   The only time you need to reload the entire system (/reload) is when there
   have been changes to the core scripts (darkstar.irc and everything in the
   core directory). When this is the case, the value of DS.COMMIT_ID
   (darkstar.irc) will be incremented. This number being higher does not
   necessarily mean that a full reload is required in order to make use of
   changes in other things, it just means that something in the core scripts
   has changed. The only way to know for sure is to check the UPDATES file.
   If you don't want to worry about it at all, just always use /reload and
   you'll be fine.

--

Q: The 'darkstar' status bar is displaying letters with accents instead of
   straight lines. How can I fix this?

A: You need a font that displays these upper ASCII characters correctly.
   Any of the vga fonts should work. I have two of the vga fonts available
   at http://www.got.net/~brian/fonts/ and you can probably find others
   with a quick search on google.

   If you're using a font that you know works and you still can't get the
   lines to display correctly, you can try entering the following command
   at the EPIC input prompt.

     /eval xecho -r $chr(27)\(U

   If this works for you, you can place this command in ~/.epicrc so that
   it executes on startup.

--

Q: How can I set a default status bar?

A: The status bar is chosen by your theme. If you want to change the status
   bar that your theme uses, I would recommend creating a new theme based
   on your current theme which uses the different statbar. This way you won't
   lose your changes during upgrades. You can follow the directions in
   the answer of the following question to create a theme.

--

Q: How can I create my own theme?

A: All you need to do in order to create your own theme (from one of the
   existing themes) is to copy that theme's directory over to your
   "user directory" and rename it. The name of the directory will be used
   as the name of the theme and will be available immediately without any
   kind of reload.



EOF